[Hey] Improve `header` Argument (#35117)
demisto/content: Packs/DeveloperTools/ReleaseNotes/1_3_16.md

#### Scripts

##### Hey

> Fixed an issue where the script failed when passing a header with space to the ***headers*** argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where the script failed when passing a value containing spaces to the ***headers*** argument.
```
